welcome to review recapped today we will
be showing you an exciting sci-fi
adventurous movie named
love and monsters
subscribe and turn on notifications
please it helps us a lot to grow
spoilers ahead
sit back and enjoy the movie opens with
joel narrating what happened to earth
seven years earlier
a meteor called agatha 16 came hurtling
toward the planet but the nations
prevented impact by launching rockets to
destroy it
unfortunately this led to chemical
compounds raining down on earth's
creatures mutating things like insects
crabs or slugs into gigantic monsters
within a year 95 percent of the human
population is gone
joel has been living in a bunker colony
with survivors ever since
joel is the only one in his colony who
doesn't have a romantic partner
he usually has to listen to everyone
have sex near him and his biggest asset
to them is making minestrone an
occasional handiwork since he has a
problem with freezing when it comes to
monsters he usually draws the ones he's
seen and keeps a guide for how to
survive in the new world
one afternoon he manages to make contact
with his old high school girlfriend amy
over the radio
she is staying with another colony of
survivors at jenner beach just 85 miles
from where joel is
suddenly their connection is cut when an
ant monster breaches the colony joel
wants to prove himself to the others
that he can fight them too against
everyone's orders joel goes out armed
with a crossbow and finds one of his
mates getting devoured by the ant
the monster finds joel who freezes
before the end shot with an arrow and
then decapitated
a flashback is shown of the day that the
monster apocalypse began
joel and amy were sitting on a hill in
her car overlooking the town
he drew a picture of her but admits that
it's terrible as they start to make out
they hear sirens and see the rockets
being launched they proceed to head back
to their loved ones
joel decides to go out on his own to
find amy but the rest of the colony
advises against it because it would be
extremely dangerous and he is wildly
unprepared for what is out there
joel says that he does not want to spend
the end of the world alone so the others
relent and let him go with whatever
weapons he can carry
not long into his venture he finds a
frog monster in a pond
joel is helped out by a stray dog who
bites the frog's tongue when it tries to
eat joel he follows the dog into a bus
where he sees that the dog is called boy
he keeps a red dress that belonged to
his previous owner and he gets defensive
when joel touches it joel stays in the
bus with boy for the night
in the morning joel tries to head off on
his own but boy wants to follow joel
allows it and finds that boy becomes an
excellent companion he even manages to
keep joel from eating poison berries
while walking joel falls into a nest of
warm monsters he is found by survivors
clyde and minnow they help pull him out
and kill the creatures using a katana
and a grenade the tubular jewel for
being out in the field with the little
expertise that he has but they offer to
let him and boyd join them on their
venture to the mountains where the
temperature is too cold for monsters
clyde and minnow teach joel a few things
about dealing with monsters such as how
to identify some of them the worms were
sand gobblers and they even help him
improve his aim with his crossbow on
their journey they find a giant snail
monster that they call boulder snails
clyde has joel take off his shirt so
that the creature may carry off with his
scent to draw the other monsters away
from them he and minnow point out that
some monsters are friendly but you can
mostly tell by looking at their eyes
they also hardly stop to rest for fear
that the monsters will steal food
supplies before they can get to it after
he tells them he is going to find amy
they encourage him to not settle even at
the end of the world
[Music]
once they reach their furthest points
joel decides he must split from clyde
and minnow the little girl is upset
since she had gotten attached to joel
but he gives her a tube of lipstick as a
keepsake which she loves and is thankful
for clyde also leaves him with some
words of encouragement before they part
ways
as joel continues with boy they find a
large centipede monster that almost eats
boy joel freezes again but remembers to
when he was with his parents on the day
of the apocalypse he couldn't save them
and watch them get crushed by a monster
he gathers his courage and shoots the
monster twice to save boy managing to
kill it
joel and boy seek shelter in an
abandoned vehicle and find a robot
called mav1s which was originally some
kind of companion before all of them
shut down including one back at joel's
colony this mav1s turns on and has a
limited amount of battery power left
she manages to use her radio to help
joel get in touch with amy and he finds
that he is less than 10 miles away from
her location
amy tells joel that a yacht captain has
come with his crew to after the radio is
cut off mav1s projects a lights display
and even shows joel a video memory of
his mother saying encouraging words to
him moving him to tears
mav1s battery soon runs out completely
and joel buries the robot
the next day joel and boy continue
forward but boyd jumps into the river
after his owner's dress falls in
this attracts the attention of a queen
sand gobbler a very deadly monster joel
manages to kill it by timing a grenade
toss and throwing it into the creature's
mouth at the right moment however he
yells at boy for almost getting them
killed causing the little dog to run
away from joel
he then sees he's been bitten by
numerous leeches and he starts to
hallucinate from the poison
he manages to find a fern that clyde
told him works as an anti-venom he then
appears to see amy and a few of her
fellow survivors approaching him he
kisses her before passing out
joel wakes up in amy's bunker where he
learns that he actually kissed an older
male survivor instead of her
she introduces him to cap the leader of
the yacht team that has apparently come
to take the colony to a safer location
after joel sees the setup on the beach
he has a private moment with amy while
she is happy to see him and glad that he
survived she tells him that she has long
since moved on from him and even had a
relationship with another survivor who
died the year before
joel is understanding but heartbroken
later we see the cap gathers the
survivors around to discuss his plan to
gather everyone to another place but
joel suggests that they try to adapt to
the surface based on what he has learned
the others choose the yacht plan he then
goes to contact his colony to let them
know he made it safely
everyone is excited and happy to hear
joel's voice as well as knowing that he
actually managed to kill a monster
he has then brought a plate of berries
which he recognizes as the ones that boy
was trying to keep him away from
joel realizes cap is not what he seems
when he goes to warn amy capps
henchwoman dana knocks joel out
joel wakes up tied up with amy cap
reveals his true intentions being that
he dana and a third member rocco have
been going to multiple colonies and
robbed them of their resources by using
a giant crab monster that he is
controlling through electric
manipulation who also pulls the yacht as
cap sends the crab after the survivors
while they grab what they can joel
manages to free himself and also sees
the return of boy he sends boy to help
amy while they deal with the crab and
the other villains the crab grabs joel
but he looks into the creature's eyes
and sees that he is one of the kinder
monsters
he fires at the electrical chain to free
the crab who then goes out to the yacht
to devour dana rocco and then finally
feasting on cap and what's left of his
yacht
joel makes plans to return to his own
colony since he knows there is no place
for him there before parting ways with
amy they share one last passionate kiss
it appears to reignite the spark for amy
and she tells joel she will go find him
he leaves her with his monster survival
guide and takes boy with him to make the
trip back to the colony where he is
welcomed with open arms
joel leads his colony to the surface now
that he has a better understanding of
the creatures around him he broadcasts a
message through the radio to other
survivors to encourage them to go to the
surface and fight back if necessary
in the end it's shown
clyde and mitto
who both made it to the mountain
hear the message and wish joel well
although they think he will probably get
eaten by snow spiders
thanks for watching
hope you enjoyed the movie